feat(securityGroup): add security group of cloud config (#243)
kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-huaweicloud: docs/huawei-cloud-controller-manager-configuration.md

This section contains network configuration information.

* `id` Optional. Specifies the VPC used by ECS of the Kubernetes cluster.

* `subnet-id` Optional. Specifies the IPv4 subnet ID used by ECS of the Kubernetes cluster.

> * `security-group-id` Optional. Add security group to the ECS in the cluster. The security group of the node will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `security-group-id` Optional. A security group ID used for associating with nodes.
  When new nodes are added to the cluster, they will be automatically associated with the security group.
  Conversely, when nodes are removed, the association will be automatically removed as well.
```
